ALL features implemented.

1. The management system should be implemented as a java GUI application
using frames, tables, buttons, listeners, etc.

2. The practitioner should be able to login to the patient management system
using a username/password pair.

3. Register a new patient with minimal information such as name, first name,
DOB, address, emergency phone number, medical condition, appointments,
billing, comments, etc. Each record might contain a profile picture of the
patient and a set of pictures describing his/her condition such as brain scans
(please use any sample image, It doesn’t have to be realistic).

4. The field containing the medical condition data should be clickable and
pointing to a wikipedia page or any URL with the description of that condition.

5. Edit an existing patient record, by editing existing information such as
dates/times of appointments, uploading new images or deleting others.

6. Delete an exiting patient record. Your program should ask for confirmation
before deleting a record.

7. Search the list of patients based on any of the stored fields, i.e., name, DOB,
address, etc. and produce a list of corresponding records.

8. (Optional) Export a list of selected patient records as a comma separated file
or any other format.

9. (Optional) Import a comma separated (or the format used in 8) file containing
patients’ records into the system. The new patients data will be appended to
the existing ones already stored in the management system.

Additional features:

10. Auto backup system: the program automatically backs up the patient records 
inside patient_records.back and is able to automatically recover data from this
location should the main file be deleted.

11. Automatic picture resizing: the program automatically resizes pictures to completely
fit into the small picture panels in the patient view frame. This can make it quite slow
when pictures are very large.

12. It is possible to edit/remove patients from the records also from the search view and
not only from the main data view.

13. Automatic wikipedia link override: entering a condition into the condition field will
automatically generate a hyperlink to a wikipedia page. This link can be manually overriden
by writing some other link into a textfield.

14. Feedback: the program generates feedback for the user throughout, this is mostly comprehensive.


